Fix Swarm<T>.Preload() (#839)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

    if `cancellationToken` was requested.  [[#798]]
 -  Fixed a bug where `Swarm<T>` had crashed if it received invalid
    `Transaction<T>` from the nodes.  [[#820]]

>  -  Fixed a bug where `Swarm<T>` hadn't reported preload states correctly.
>     [[#839]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Fixed a bug where `Swarm<T>` hadn't reported `IProgress<PreloadState>`s
    correctly.[[#839]]
```

 -  Fixed a `Swarm<T>.PreloadAsync()` method's bug that it had hung forever

>     when a block fetch failed due to an unexpected error.  [[#839]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    when a block failed to be fetched due to an unexpected inner exception.
    [[#839]]
```
